# CS-305 Software Security
## Reflection Questions
- Briefly summarize your client, Artemis Financial, and its software requirements. Who was the client? What issue did the company want you to address?
- What did you do well when you found your client’s software security vulnerabilities? Why is it important to code securely? What value does software security add to a company’s overall well-being?
- Which part of the vulnerability assessment was challenging or helpful to you?
- How did you increase layers of security? In the future, what would you use to assess vulnerabilities and decide which mitigation techniques to use?
- How did you make certain the code and software application were functional and secure? After refactoring the code, how did you check to see whether you introduced new vulnerabilities?
- What resources, tools, or coding practices did you use that might be helpful in future assignments or tasks?
- Employers sometimes ask for examples of work that you have successfully completed to show your skills, knowledge, and experience. What might you show future employers from this assignment?

## Reflection
As part of my coursework, I created a secure software development project for one of my potential clients, Artemis Financial, a company that provides customized financial planning services. They wanted their web application upgraded yet ensured their clients' sensitive information remained secure. The first issue I was asked to address was adding a mechanism of verification to protect file transfers using cryptographic techniques and encrypt all communication. To implement these, I created a master controller script to isolate the added functionality. I also included a SHA-256 checksum capability, and added HTTPS with a self-signed SSL certificate. In the process of vulnerability testing, I focused on identifying the areas of security that would be feasible to enhance without disrupting existing functionality of the application. One of the more practical aspects of this process was learning how to use OWASP Dependency Check because it enabled me to ensure that no new vulnerabilities were introduced after refactoring code. I additionally had the advantage of being able to see how adding increments of security, such as encrypted communication, data validation, and modular design, can strengthen an application’s security position. To ensure each change was working as it should, I manually tested the app, monitored output through the terminal, and ensured secure functionality within the browser. Incremental code changes were functionally tested and analyzed with static tools. I applied standard tactics such as modular programming, use of thoroughly-tested cryptographic functions, and external checking tools, all of which will follow into future development projects. The assignment was a good example of how to use secure coding practices within a real-world app, and it’s something I would be happy to display as proof of my skills at vulnerability identification and efficient security implementation with prospective employers.
